<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum-20110719</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>(See <a href="../../../Plenum">Plenum</a>)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h1>Agenda</h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>8:30PM&nbsp;Open Meeting</p>
<ul><li>Schedule next meeting (likely 16-Aug)</li>
<li>Xavier: Financials</li>
<li>Other business </li>
</ul><p>9:30PM Close Meeting</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h1>Minutes</h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Meeting opened: 20:30</p>
<p>Present: Alvin, Arch, CJ, Michael Cheng, James (non member), Ian Morrison (non member), Roland</p>
<ul><li>Next meeting: (Forgot to address: assume 16-Aug)</li>
<li>No financials were presented</li>
<li>Multiple items raised by Arch: </li>
<ul><li>KL Event, forward details from Facebook page to list (Arch)</li>
<li>Discussion on the creation of more flexible/complex fee options. Noted that there is no measurable revenue loss in the current approach and that Ruiwen already has discretion on this front.</li>
<li>Discussion on increase of membership. Agreement that this would be desirable, no concrete plan.</li>
<li>Liaison&nbsp; with other hackerspaces is currently informal by those visiting, both in and out.</li>
<li>Cleaning</li>
<ul><li>We didn't buy a vacuum cleaner when the carpet was replaced... one has been ordered, the cleaning person will vacuum in future</li>
<li>Rehash of various issues discussed before:</li>
<ul><li>Create an on-exit checklist with the smallest feasible set of actions, laminate it, hang it near the power switchboard (Roland)</li>
<li>Periodic cleanup, say monthly on same day as Makerbot workshops, clear junk pile (Roland)</li>
<li>More of Luther's labels?</li>
<li>Make a practice of having an identified place for everything (notably, a place for Rick's stuff)</li>
<li>Put video of 7 hours spent cleaning the place on the iMac (Arch)</li>
<li>Put a poster/photo of each room in its standard configuration: "undo your edits to leave it like this" (Roland) </li>
</ul></ul></ul><li>Techshop: Alvin is not finding enough interest.</li>
<li>Poster of members' pictures on the wall (Roland, discuss maintenance with Ruiwen) </li>
</ul><p>Meeting closed: 22:30</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->