<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum_20100105_Agenda</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>(See <a href="../../../Plenum">Plenum</a>)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Welcome</li>
<li>Adopt previous minutes <a target="_blank" href="../../../Council+meeting+-+28112009">/Council+meeting+-+28112009</a>&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Review finances:
<ul>
<li>Do we know what bills fall due over the next 90 days?</li>
<li>Do we have sufficient cash on hand to pay them?</li>
<li>If not, how large is the shortfall and do we expect membership subscriptions to cover them?</li>
<li>How close are we to having all recurring expenses covered by membership subscriptions?</li>
<li>Are we planning any non-recurring expenditures in the next 90 days?</li>
<li>How much are we receiving in donations?</li>
<li>Are membership renewal invoices out?</li>
<li>Shall we encourage payment by automated bank transfer, for those members who can do it at no charge?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Review membership generally:
<ul>
<li>How many do we have?</li>
<li>How many do we need?</li>
<li>How fast are we closing the gap?</li>
<li>Are the various events generating membership enquiries?</li>
<li>Are membership forms ready for use? A supply in the space? How many have [not] been signed?&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Review membership "special cases"
<ul>
<li>Intellectual Ventures people (have they joined?)</li>
<li>Honourary membership programme suggested by Tom from MakeAffinity</li>
<li>Others?&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Events
<ul>
<li>Do we wish to tweak the process?</li>
<li>Do we have agreement on the inter-faith dialouge?&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cleanliness of the space
<ul>
<li>How are we doing? Do we need to change anything?</li>
<li>(Ruiwen) Do we have a weekly cleaner arranged?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Cash Handling
<ul>
<li>Do we have this under control (cashbox, recording receipt and use, maintaining a float, depositing the rest, etc.)?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Electricity supply
<ul>
<li>Do we have any idea why it was tripping?</li>
<li>Is it feasible to avoid the "we have no power until the gallery opens" problem?</li>
<li>Is there an ELCB/RCD present? Is is feasible to add one?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Internet
<ul>
<li>Are we still aiming to upgrade and/or seeking sponsorship? Progress?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Door Access
<ul>
<li>Where are we? What needs to be done?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>(Roland) Acquiring a Makerbot</li>
<li>(Roland) Sydney Hackerspace visit</li>
<li>Any other items</li>
<li>Schedule next meeting (likely 12-Jan)</li>
<li>Close</li>
</ul>

</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->
