<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum-20100119</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>Hackerspace Minutes 19/01/10, 8pm</p>
<p>Present: CJ, Tom, Bernard, Chris, Luther, Roland, Alvin</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Minutes of last meeting adopted.</li>
<li>Next meetng 26 Jan, <strong>8.30pm</strong>.</li>
<li>Cash flow projections not available - pushed to next meeting
<ul>
<li>AP: Luther to chase Neng Giin for projection</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Appointment of secretary
<ul>
<li>Directors discussed and agreed to appointed Kelvin Quee</li>
<li>Bernard asks if the Secretary needs to be a hackerspace member</li>
<li>AP: Roland to check if Kelvin is qualified as company secretary</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Membership signups
<ul>
<li>Ruiwen is in charge of memberships, currently 33 members signed up (paid).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Events approval policy
<ul>
<li>Agreed that we need to discuss this in detail, so Roland will put up proposal on the list and arrange for discussion.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Entry fees for events
<ul>
<li>Proposal for entrance fee, and first-drink - we don't have licence for this.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Don't want events to be taking away revenue from drink donations</li>
<li>Agreed that:
<ul>
<li>Hackerspace revenue is solely from drink donations</li>
<li>Events cannot run their own bar - bigger issues of not having F&amp;B licences.</li>
<li>Inviting member responsible for "reminding" revenue generating events that we are non-profit to encourage a suitable donation.</li>
<li>suggestion of "suitable" donation be 20% of revenue</li>
<li>Sponsoring member must be present and be responsible</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cash handling - deferred</li>
<li>Electricity supply
<ul>
<li>Need to locate electrician and get a quote before bringing up discussions with landlord, Meng looking into this</li>
<li>move master switch upstairs and put in ELCB/RCB</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>- Internet
<ul>
<li>Attempting to convince OpenNet to give us free 100Mbit fee</li>
<li>Or else we'll just pay for $200/month for our current Singtel plan.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Makerbot
<ul>
<li>Agreed at last meeting that we can approve makerbot, Roland is looking at cost/logistics.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Meeting closed 8.30pm</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>

</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->