<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum 20121120</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>Link to this document: <a href="http://titanpad.com/98tvZ5TDgN">http://titanpad.com/98tvZ5TDgN</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Members present: CJ, Loong Jin, Tjin Hean, Alvin, Roland, Rahil (left at 1040pm), Ali (left at 1040pm), Luther</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Roland called the plenum to order at 2112 hrs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Finances</p>
<p>- finance documents fully delivered to Juanita approx Wednesday 14th Nov</p>
<p>- pending update from Juanita -&gt; next meeting</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>1. Ninjas</p>
<p>- We need a page listing the Ninjas - Luther (by next plenum) <strong><a href="../Ninja&#32;Volunteers">Update</a></strong></p>
<p>- Door Ninja:&nbsp;&nbsp; - Michael Cheng has agreed to be door ninja pending instruction</p>
<p>- Luther to check explicitly if Fazli is agreeable to be door ninja. Refer to 16 Oct plenum for JD <strong>Update: he is only agreeable to be key ninja, not door ninja</strong></p>
<p>- Luther to check explicitly if Fazli is ageeable to be cleaning ninja. Refer to 16 Oct plenum for JD <strong>Update: Fazli is not keen.</strong></p>
<p>-  CJ volunteers to be namecard ninja, responsibility is to hold on to  template and generate new namecards on the advice of membership ninja.</p>
<p>-  Email address ninja JD folded into namecard ninja JD. Responsiblity of  email address ninja was only to create new email addresses on advice of  membership ninja</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Membership, locker and mailing address ninja JDs to be prepared after discussion with Juanita, before we find volunteers.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Also pending Juanita's input (for JDs and policy reviews once roles have been assigned):</p>
<ul><li>Cheque deposit ninja: write account details on back and cheque and deposit</li>
<li>Donations clearing ninja: KIV to new process</li>
<li>Finance&nbsp;  ninja: Prepare cheques for signature when payments are due,&nbsp; liaise&nbsp;  with accounting firm when required, ensure bank statements and&nbsp;&nbsp;  financial documents are collect, answer queries on finances from&nbsp;&nbsp;  accounting firm, download paypal reports.</li>
<li>Physical Mail Checking Ninja: Check mail once a week</li>
<li>Review Policy / T&amp;Cs - 1) locker + 2) mail service + 3) membership</li>
</ul><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- No arrears chasing has been done since last plenum. Continues to be responsibility of Arrears Ninjas.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>-  An arrear ninja (Raz has volunteered) is to verify with Juanita if she  will be handling invoicing of members (generation and delivery)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Followup from last plenum:CJ to update HSG phone number in HSG website under contact page.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Followup from last plenum: Establish Petty Cash Procedure for common expenses NOT DONE - KIV until finances&nbsp; are available</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>-  Followup&nbsp; from last plenum: Have a contact list for the companies that&nbsp;  we are&nbsp; engaging so that if shit happens members can contact the&nbsp;  companies&nbsp; involved directly.&nbsp; - Luther to chase and finish (put up  hardcopy and on&nbsp; wiki) Update: hardcopy done. Softcopy documented at <a href="../Ninja&#32;Volunteers">Ninja Volunteer page</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>-  Followup from last plenum: KIV post financials: To discuss&nbsp; with the  landlord about the sharing&nbsp; of responsibilities for replacement&nbsp; of  aircon, purchase dyson system.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Alvin: Web Warrior JD -&gt; CJ volunteers to be Web Warrior. JD posted to HSG list on 19/11/12.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>* To discuss with the landlord about the sharing of responsibilities</p>
<p>for replacement of aircon, purchase dyson system. -&gt; pending finances</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>-&nbsp; Luther updates the plenum that the monthly rent has increased by $250&nbsp; to $4050/mth (before GST)&nbsp; till 14 Nov 2013. He suggests that it may be worthwhile to review if we wish to renew the lease in Jul 2013.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Event incident/policy</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- what happened?</p>
<p>Member  of Hackerspace, Andrew Wee, proposes an Internet related marketing  event. However, this event was not approved by the events team. Justin  Lee from the events team mentioned that he had received expressions of  concern from Laurence and CJ regarding the nature of the event. Justin  suggested that the issue be discussed at the plenum and Andrew tried to  seek clarifications from Laurence and CJ.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Subsequently, Andrew decided that he did not want to defend his case at the plenum. He ended his membership in Nov.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>What should have happened?</p>
<p>- General principle: members' use of the space is not subject to veto by other members.</p>
<p>-  General principle: a wide range of events is desirable, close contact  between people with very different backgrounds has been part of HSG's  approach from the outset</p>
<p>-  General principle: if we get to the point where we have so many event  bookings that we're having to turn people away then we will have  *succeeded*.</p>
<p>-  General principle: there is a concern that members may join solely to  have free use of space for events; this is not a problem, either:</p>
<p>-- it's the sort of technical event that everyone will turn up to anyway, then it will be worthwhile for that reason</p>
<p>-- it's the sort of event which isn't, which broadens contact with people with different backgrounds</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Member proposes an event (non-member may propose, but must have a sponsoring/hosting member)</p>
<p>- Events officer(s) consider:</p>
<p>-- legality</p>
<p>-- safety</p>
<p>-- resource constraints</p>
<p>- If there are concerns about any of these (and in particular about legality)</p>
<p>-- refer to proposer for clarification</p>
<p>-- if still a concern: refer to plenum (proposer to argue own case at plenum)</p>
<p>- If there are no concerns then the event is scheduled (published through calendar)</p>
<p>-  If a member raises concerns after scheduling but before the event, the  event(s) officers are free to reconsider and refer an event to plenum  despite previous acceptance. The member(s) raising concerns are expected  to be present at the next plenum to express their concerns. This should  be treated as a last resort for dealing with unexpected differences of  opinion as cancelling events does create ill-feeling towards  HackerspaceSG</p>
<p>-  Event officer(s) are asked to get to decisions - including referral to  plenum - as early as possible as indecision also causes ill-feeling (and  as in Andrew's case, member resignation)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- next steps</p>
<p>Raz:  work the text above into the arranging event page, note customary 20%  donation for charged events; review relationship with houserules  document</p>
<p>Raz: email Justin and Kelvin update on the above</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Closed 23:05</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->