<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum 20100406</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>(See <a href="../../../Plenum">Plenum</a>)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h1>Agenda</h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>8:30PM&nbsp;Open Meeting</p>
<ul><li>Adopt <a href="../../../Plenum-20100323">previous minutes</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Schedule next meeting (likely 4-May)</li>
<li>Financial report</li>
<li>Cleanliness:&nbsp;Can we improve on the current situation?</li>
<li><a href="../../../Projects">Projects</a> updates</li>
<li>General update on any interesting projects/happenings/ideas in HSG.</li>
</ul><p>9:30PM Close Meeting</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h1>Minutes</h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Meeting opened: 8:38</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Present: Roland, Tamas, John Young, Stephan, Chris</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul><li>Previous minutes adopted (John Young abstained)</li>
<li>Next meeting: 4-May-2010 8:30PM. Agenda to include a current financial  report. </li>
<li>No financial report was available at the meeting. Discussion deferred. It may make sense to schedule a meeting before 4-May when/of a report is available.</li>
<li>Stephan raised a concern about the camera equipped robot making him uncomfortable. He indicated that he simply wanted it to be a matter of record and was willing to drop it if no-one else was concerned. The conversation covered several angles, some highlights:</li>
<ul><li>An expectation of privacy anywhere in the space or of a silent environment in the main&nbsp; room is probably unreasonable. HackerspaceSG is not a serviced office.</li>
<li>There are at least two different issues: the camera and the&nbsp;</li>
</ul><li>March 2010: spent ~$4500 (all recurring), collected ~$4000 in subscriptions (budgeted $1700 more!), ~$1000 in donations</li>
<li>Roland to pursue Justin and Ruiwen on membership status (who's not renewing, what can we do about it, etc.)</li>
<li>Survey membership: how to improve benefits or what's good about being part of HSG (Bernard) what are the key features that would attract payment of 64/128 membership ask hangers-on who aren't currently joining (what would it take)</li>
<li>On "the phone incident": the phones have both been returned, arrangements to purchase new magnetic balls and be reimbursed have been agreed and are in progress.</li>
<li>Things to try to improve HSG:</li>
<ul><li>regular member-only classes (in lab or library)</li>
<li>hackfests (paid), competitions, etc. (devise run events of this type) "monsoon of code"</li>
</ul></ul><p>Meeting closed:&nbsp; 10:04PM</p>
</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->