<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://vs1.pbworks.com/shared/statics/embedded-m-prod-v15015099.css" />  
<title></title>
<base target="_top" />
</head>
<body class="wikistyle wget">
<h1>Plenum - 05012010</h1>
<br />
<div id="displaycontent">
<p>(See <a href="../../../Plenum">Plenum</a>)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Present</p>
<ul>
<li>Roland Turner</li>
<li>Alvin Jiang</li>
<li>C David Rigby</li>
<li>Adrian Oliveiro</li>
<li>Chris Gomez</li>
<li>Ruiwen Chua</li>
<li>Lim Chern Jie</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Welcome</p>
<p>- Adopt previous minutes&nbsp;<a href="../../../Council+meeting+-+28112009" target="_blank" style="color: rgb(42, 93, 176);">http://hackerspacesg.pbworks.com/Council+meeting+-+28112009</a></p>
<ul>
<li>No objections, minutes adopted.</li>
</ul>
<p>- Review finances:</p>
<p>-- Do we know what bills fall due over the next 90 days?</p>
<p>-- Do we have sufficient cash on hand to pay them?</p>
<ul>
<li>With transfer from Paypal, yes.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>-- If not, how large is the shortfall and do we expect membership subscriptions to cover them?</p>
<p>-- How close are we to having all recurring expenses covered by membership subscriptions?</p>
<p>-- Are we planning any non-recurring expenditures in the next 90 days?</p>
<ul>
<li>No</li>
</ul>
<p>-- How much are we receiving in donations?</p>
<p>-- Are membership renewal invoices out?</p>
<p>-- Shall we encourage payment by automated bank transfer, for those members who can do it at no charge?</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>--&gt; Treasurer to put together a short note answering questions above.</p>
<p>- Review membership generally:</p>
<p>-- How many do we have?</p>
<p>-- How many do we need?</p>
<p>-- How fast are we closing the gap?&nbsp;</p>
<p>-- Are the various events generating membership enquiries?</p>
<ul>
<li>Yes, but no particularly strong showing from any specific group.</li>
</ul>
<p>-- Are membership forms ready for use? A supply in the space? How many have [not] been signed?</p>
<ul>
<li>Not yet.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Review membership "special cases"</p>
<p>-- Intellectual Ventures people (have they joined?)</p>
<ul>
<li>To follow up with Meng + John</li>
</ul>
<p>-- Honourary membership programme suggested by Tom from MakeAffinity</p>
<ul>
<li>We need the finances now, so it's unlikely that we will consider membership fees in kind</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 3em; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">
<li style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">For future discussion
<ul style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 3em; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">
<li style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">Benefits of membership of Hackerspace</li>
<li style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">Why you should be a member of HackerspaceSG</li>
<li style="list-style-type: none; list-style-image: none; list-style-position: outside; display: inline;">
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>- Events</p>
<p>-- Do we wish to tweak the process?</p>
<ul>
<li>Suggested alternate workflow
<ol>
<li>Events MUST be proposed by MEMBERS only</li>
<li>Events proposed by members WILL take place unless one (or more) of the following criteria are met:
<ol>
<li>The resources (eg. venue) are not available</li>
<li>It is illegal</li>
<li>It is unconscionable&nbsp;</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li>Reasons why the event meets the above criteria will be brought up on the mailing list</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Way forward for the Hackerspace:
<ul>
<li>How do we avoid the tyranny of the majority if we are to become an inclusive and diverse organisation</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>-- Do we have agreement on the inter-faith dialouge?</p>
<ul>
<li>Venue Usage
<ul>
<li>How do we manage resource conflicts?
<ul style="border-width: 0px; margin: 0px 0px 0px 3em; padding: 0px; font-weight: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-size: 13px; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline;">
<li>Eg. 2 groups conflict for the same slot?</li>
<li>Do we judge by number of members the group has brought in? Or by popular vote?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>- Cleanliness of the space</p>
<p>-- How are we doing? Do we need to change anything?</p>
<p>-- (Ruiwen) Do we have a weekly cleaner arranged?</p>
<p>- Cash Handling</p>
<p>-- Do we have this under control (cashbox, recording receipt and use, maintaining a float, depositing the rest, etc.)?</p>
<p>- Electricity supply</p>
<p>-- Do we have any idea why it was tripping?</p>
<p>-- Is it feasible to avoid the "we have no power until the gallery opens" problem?</p>
<p>-- Is there an ELCB/RCD present? Is is feasible to add one?</p>
<p>- Internet</p>
<p>-- Are we still aiming to upgrade and/or seeking sponsorship? Progress?</p>
<p>- Door Access</p>
<p>-- Where are we? What needs to be done?</p>
<p>- (Roland) Acquiring a Makerbot</p>
<p>- (Roland) Sydney Hackerspace visit</p>
<p>- Any other items</p>
<p>- Schedule next meeting (likely 12-Jan)</p>
<p>- Close&nbsp;</p>

</div>
</body>
</html><!--  -->